Description about data columns:
There are altogether 21 columns in our data set.All the  variables /factors  decide the approval of the loan or not.
Now let us look in to the each variable and can make some assumptions.(It’s just assumptions right, there is no harm in just assuming few statements)
ID- As the name suggests each person should have a unique loan id
Personal Details- city,sex,age, social calss. We can assume that These factors are not going to affect the approval of loan .
House Details- home_ownership, type_of_house, occupants_count, house_area , sanitary_availability, water_availability .We can assume that better house, less occupants , big house area ,good sanitary availabilty and water availabilty would increase the probability of  loan approval.
Financial Details- primary business, secondary business, annual income, monthly expenses, old dependents, young dependents. We can assume that  the person who have good  annual income,less monthly expenses ,less dependents, good primary business and having secondary business would have high probability of clearing loan amount and would be highly eligible for loan  .Here dependents means the no. of people dependents on the applicant who has taken loan has been provided. 
Loan Details- Loan purpose, loan tenure, loan installments, loan amount. Loan tenure represents  the number of months required to repay the loan. we can assume that Less loan tenure implies higher loan eligibity.Loan amount  represents the amount in thousands. One assumption I can make is that “ If Loan amount is higher , the probability of repaying would be lesser and vice versa”.Loan installments include any loan that is repaid with regular scheduled payments or installments.
